[soft music plays]
♪ ♪
[hip-hop music plays]
[Grown Kanan] Previously
onRaising Kanan...
[Raq] This is it.
This is the spot.
The Van Wyck expressway
is packed with white folks.
Only time you ever see them
in the hood
is when they fuelin' up.
Kanan Stark's the motherfucking
prince of the South Side.
Sometimes, when you want
to get to the queen...
You gotta go
through the prince.
[Kanan] I know
your secrets, Juke.
I suggest you watch
your fucking mouth.
You think I'm fucking scared
of you, nigga?
You a boy playing
in a man's world right now.
I'm excited to see your moms.
We go way back.
Here for Kanan.
He called me to pick him up.
Is there any way you don't tell
my moms about this?
If she asks me,
I'm coming clean.
Yo, I'm 'bout to go to stu,
put some flows down.
-Gon' be a producer there.
-Fuck it.
What's it cost me?
'Nique's re-up. Where and when.
Nicole?
You're fucking repellent.
Disgusting!
Worrell saying you think
about flipping over
to this team.
Fuck Raq
and that bitch-ass Kanan.
Kanan is my son.
Stay the fuck away from my son.
[Rileyy] ♪ I'm a hustler, baby
I'm a hustler, baby ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ Yeah, I know
Heartbreaks, setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch, if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs, you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me
It's all a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure, man
I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Make money
Make, make, make money ♪
♪ When shit hit the fan
We'll take money, Southside ♪
♪ Beef with the best of 'em ♪
♪ Done shot
At the rest of 'em, yeah ♪
♪ Checks, I'm collectin' 'em ♪
♪ Check, boy
I'm finessin' 'em ♪
♪ Bag Supreme
Boy, you fuck around ♪
♪ Put a big bag on your head ♪
♪ Before the weather break
You're dead ♪
♪ Let's get to it, they
Don't do it like we do it ♪
♪ Nah, cop it, whip it
Bag it, flip it ♪
♪ Re-up, we up
G'd up, what up? ♪
♪ Runnin' round this bitch
Still not givin' a fuck, hey ♪
♪ When it come to that paper
There'll be no complications ♪
Ha ha. That's right.
♪ Put a hole in a nigga
Right in front of you ♪
♪ Your heartbeat pacin' ♪
[Rileyy and 50 Cent]
♪ And it's all right ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ That's how
We do it on this side ♪
♪ Niggas get to it
On this side ♪
♪ I know heartbreaks
Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch, if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs, you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me
It's all a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure, man
I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
[Rileyy vocalizing]
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[siren wails in distance]
Elevator don't work, baby.
I've been telling the city,
but they don't care.
[Raq scoffs]
Been here five times
in the last week,
and I still keep forgetting.
Been here 40 years,
and I wish I could.
♪ ♪
[Grown Kanan] Can't stand
in one place for long.
Gotta keep moving,
keep hustling.
You gotta keep climbin',
keep goin' up.
The hustle don't stop,
so neither can you.
Always strivin'.
Always pushin'.
Remember where you been,
know where you are,
and see where you're going.
'Cause if you ain't going up,
you slidin' down,
and it's a long way
to the bottom, nigga.
I told you the inspector wasn't
gonna have none of this shit.
I could lose my job
behind this.
You be a'ight.
[baby crying in distance]
You the new tenant?
I am.
[inspector]
Clearly, you've never lived
in public housing before.
You don't own this unit, Miss.
The city does.
You're just borrowing it.
You can't put a nail in a wall,
a hook in the ceiling,
or a damn magnet
on the refrigerator
without prior approval
of the New York City
Housing Authority and myself.
And you are certainly
not permitted
to put a hole
in the kitchen floor.
What the hell you think
you're doin' in there anyway?
I'm a cook.
Just upgrading the kitchen.
Bringing in a new stove.
Well, this needs to be repaired
and returned
to its prior condition,
or you will be facing
not only immediate eviction,
but also a trip
to housing court,
where you'll be looking
at hefty fines and penalties.
So how we make this right
for the both of us?
I'm just a single mother
trying to make a home
for me and my son.
Well, I got a busy day
ahead of me.
But what I can do for you Miss,
I'll meet with you
and you alone,
later this evening
to have a more specific
conversation
about this, uh, situation
and how best to address it.
Just let me know when.
Eight o'clock this evening.
And when I say alone,
I mean just...
you and me.
[dark music plays]
Well, what other kind of alone
is there?
Huh.
♪ ♪
My crew's comin' through later
to finish this work.
Stay out their way.
But the inspector just said--
Fuck him. We workin'.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
Yo.
You said you was gonna help me
hang some of these joints up,
man.
Nigga, I'm here supporting you
and your rap dreams.
If you wanna support,
take some flyers, nigga.
Sh...
Yo, you hear my shit?
Even you gonna wanna
be on this dick.
Nigga, what?
♪ My rhymes so hot
My shit's flambéed ♪
♪ Money so long
I'm goin' all day ♪
[Kanan laughs]
♪ Sound so fresh ♪
♪ Turnin' straight boys gay ♪
[laughs]
You's a clown-ass
muhfucka, man.
Uh-huh. Matter of fact,
you supposed to be helpin'.
[pensive music plays]
♪ ♪
[Howard] Question for you, Doc.
Oh, jeez.
Startled me, Detective Howard.
My bad; didn't mean
to creep up on you like that.
Well, I'm available by phone,
or you can schedule
an office visit.
I have an appointment
with a patient right now,
so this is not a good time.
What if I had a kid, Doc?
What if I had a son?
You said you have
no immediate family.
But what if I did?
Would my son be able to give me
that bone marrow
you say I need?
[Dr. Nichols]
Well, this hypothetical son
would be a half match for you,
and we would do what's called
a haploidentical transplant.
It's not optimal,
but it certainly gives you
a much better prognosis
than no transplant at all,
which is what
you're facing right now.
Uh, how old is this
hypothetical child?
Fifteen.
In general, bone marrow donors
should be over 18,
but in certain situations,
exceptions can be made.
Provided the child's
legal guardian consents,
of course.
[dog barking in distance]
You don't look well,
Detective Howard.
That's 'cause
I'm fuckin' dyin', Doc.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[singer] ♪ As somebody that's
Jokin', yes, I'm spunky ♪
♪ I'm cracking
Every lyrical skills ♪
♪ Just like a crack junkie ♪
♪ Taking over your block
And we don't care ♪
♪ He's in the house
You best be aware ♪
♪ Coming from a land
Of 120 degrees... ♪
This wouldn't be poppin' off
without you.
[rap music playing faintly]
Hey, you need to remember that.
-[vendor speaking indistinctly]
-You made this happen. You.
Just the money man right now.
That's all.
Ain't no such thing
as just the money man.
The guy with the loot
calls the shots.
-And that's you.
-Hmm.
You 'bout to run
this shit, baby.
-Oh, yeah?
-Yeah.
[vendor] Say, uh, you Lou?
Crown said to talk to you
about the money.
Hey, look, man, nothin's
comin' off that truck
until this is taken care of
in advance.
Discount if I pay in cash?
Yeah, yeah, 10%.
That works.
[Lou-Lou] Give me a minute
with my sister.
I'll come find you after.
[Jessica] Okay.
Looks like you found an even
faster way to spend our money.
-It's my money, Raq.
-[chuckles]
Well, your money
is my money, baby brother.
So you got a crew together yet
to move product
during the show?
It ain't that kind of party.
Every party
is that kind of party.
[vendor] Excuse me? Lou?
Dale Cook, Premier Lighting.
Crown told me to talk to you
about gettin' paid.
Hey, I'm talking
to my sister, man.
-Give me a minute.
-Oh. Yeah.
Shit needs to be clean tonight.
No hustlin', no drama.
Tyin' this
to our other business
just opens us up to the same
problems we already got.
Yeah, well, those problems,
they're payin'
for these problems.
If we get this right,
keep shit separate,
we start makin' different type
of money at the same time.
No, we need all the customers
that we can get right now.
Not here.
Well, what about Unique?
'Cause you can be damn sure
some of his peoples
gon' be coming through.
'Nique not dealin' here either.
[Crown] Yo.
Got some past-due shit
with the lighting guy
that need to be dealt with.
[scoffs, chuckles]
You just payin'
all the bills, huh?
We done?
Go on, Lou. Go spend our money.
I'll just go make more of it
for the next lighting guy
that needs to get paid.
♪ ♪
I ain't seen Raq in a minute.
She all shapely and shit.
♪ ♪
[phone ringing]
Hey, Burke.
So what'd you do to Howard?
Guy's been on the job
for 25 years,
never called in sick,
until today.
Steady diet of menthols
and General Tso's chicken
will do that to you.
[chuckles]
Well, we're short right now,
so you're either
on a desk for the day,
or you can go out alone,
which feels ambitious to me.
Look, I'm just doing
a follow-up
out there on the street;
I'll be fine.
I promised your father
that I'd look out for you
for the first couple of months.
I can look out for myself.
[Peralta]
Don't fuck it up out there.
[soft music plays]
I'll try not to.
♪ ♪
Silk two-piece
through the door!
You either lost,
crazy, or both.
I need to talk to 'Nique.
[man] About what?
I don't talk to the door nigga.
Wait here.
[singer] ♪ My deejay is dope,
Def, real death-defyin' ♪
♪ Competitors, get with... ♪
Her baby brother here.
[singer]
♪ The number one candidate ♪
♪ His hands'll
Make dancers dance ♪
♪ He possess
The hands of fate ♪
♪ He'll scratch a record
That will stand ♪
♪ Out from the rest... ♪
Lou Thomas, behind enemy lines
like a muhfucka.
It's kinda crazy
how this shit work, right?
I mean, our crews beefin',
yet here you are.
Here I am.
And nobody's shootin'.
Nobody's dyin'.
You know, it makes one
to start to wonder, right?
I mean, is this shit
in here right now real,
you and me 'bout to speak
like regular ol' citizens,
or is the wild shit
out there real?
Or...
is nothing real at all?
I need this show to be clean,
'Nique.
No slingin', no trouble.
Raq send you here?
I'm here on my own.
What's in it for me?
You may need a favor someday.
I like when niggas
owe me favors, Lou.
Especially you.
Hmm.
I'll tell you what.
If Raq's down, I'm down.
She down.
Heard that, fellas?
Showcase on peace tonight,
a'ight?
♪ ♪
You know, Raq's lucky to have
a little brother like you,
Lou-Lou.
You a reasonable muhfucka, man.
She needs that reason
in her life right now.
She needs that levelheadedness
that you bring to the table.
Yeah.
'Cause I'll tell you what.
Shit's gettin' heated
on these streets, man.
Real fuckin' heated.
Appreciate you hearing me out,
'Nique.
[singer] ♪ Straight blade are
My rhyme skills ♪
♪ They attack with the impact
Of a minefield ♪
♪ And I ain't even started
To get loose yet ♪
♪ Turn up your Alpine EQ
Your gooseneck ♪
♪ Ladies say Aw
Fellas say Ho ♪
♪ Prepare to undergo
Lyrical surgery ♪
♪ You're gonna get hit
Slayed ♪
♪ Rhymes'll crack your spine ♪
♪ And bust your rib cage... ♪
[Unique] Nigga's just like
his sister, man.
Comin' here
after killing my people,
now want to ask me
for favors and shit.
That's called fucking audacity,
my niggas.
Give it to the nigga.
Jews call that type
of shit chutzpah.
That nigga got some chutzpah.
So how we playin'
this showcase then?
[Unique] What you think?
You and the turncoat nigga
here...
♪ ♪
You're gonna light
that muhfucka up tonight.
[disquieting music plays]
♪ ♪
-[Marvin] Nobody showed?
-Uh-uh.
-[hair clippers buzzing]
-[pager beeping]
[Raq] So how's Symphony's class?
It's good.
Y'know, Symphony keep it real.
He teaching us
stuff that matter.
[Raq] All right. Let me see.
So when was you gon' tell me
that you got scooped up
by police?
It's gettin' to a point
where I can't even keep track
of all your secrets and lies.
I didn't lie to you though.
You just didn't tell me.
How did you even find out?
-Scrap told me.
-Scrappy suspect.
Nah, you suspect.
[Raq scoffs] Look.
I need to know
what that cop said to you.
He just took down
my name and birthday.
Nothin' more?
He said he knew you.
Some wildness
about how you used to love him
back in the day.
That's it?
Scrappy said it wasn't
neither your uncles
who picked you up
from the precinct.
He said it was somebody else.
I asked him to do it.
I asked him not to say
nothin' neither.
Symphony.
[Kanan] It's on me, Ma.
I-I called him
and I begged him not to--
Symphony is a grown-ass man.
He make his own decisions.
[Kanan] I just said I asked him
not to tell you.
He did it for me.
Stop hidin' shit
from me, Kanan.
And stop acting
like a dumb-ass kid.
You wanna step up, you gotta
show me that you ready,
'cause this shit right here,
it's not it.
It ain't it at all.
[sighs]
[clattering on television]
[doorbell rings]
[McClane] Nine million
terrorists in the world,
and I gotta kill one with feet
smaller than my sister.
Oh, my God.
[tender music plays]
♪ ♪
Told you I wanted
to see your house.
♪ ♪
Come here.
Been fuckin' with Deen
for five years,
and he never missed a re-up.
So he just cut us off
with no word at all?
Some shit is goin' down.
And as usual,
we the last to know.
We already runnin' on fumes
after the stash house.
We can't stretch our shit any
harder than we have already.
We almost out.
Man, that shit
is the story of our lives.
We always almost out.
Look, we're gonna
piece together some work
until I can figure
this shit out with Deen.
You step to Greezy uptown.
See what he got.
I gotta get back to this venue.
[scoffs]
But first I'll hit up Greezy.
And you step to Prime.
He in the Boogie down now.
Buy his ass out.
Look, we gotta keep up
these corners
until we can build out Baisley.
Y'know, it must be nice to have
me puttin' out all these fires
while y'all muhfuckas just
keep your hands warm
by the flames.
[Marvin] Yo, I'm always down
to get involved, Raq.
You just got me on Baisley
kickin' in walls
wastin' my talents.
Don't ever forget
that this business right here
is what keeps you fed.
Yo, fuck you and your
bullshit showcase, Lou.
You know, Jukebox is performing
at my bullshit showcase.
Oh, you didn't know.
Can't see past that nose
on your fucking face, huh?
Try being a father
to your daughter.
Three people asked me if I was
lost walking here from the bus.
That's the difference
between your neighborhood
and my neighborhood.
You come here,
they ask if you lost.
I go there, they chase me
with baseball bats.
Nobody chased you
with a baseball bat.
Your mom would've
if she had one.
She would've had
the same reaction to us
if you were white, you know.
"You're a guest in my home.
Fucking repellent. Disgusting."
Yeah, she ain't sayin'
that shit
to a white girl, Nicole.
[Nicole] Fuck my mom.
Fuck my parents.
Fuck everything.
I...
I just want to be with you.
[upbeat music playing]
So you coming tonight?
I've been lying about going
to my friend Risa's
stupid party
for a week and a half
so I can see you sing.
I'll be there.
Good. That's what I thought.
No, no, no. No tickling.
No tickling.
[Kanan] Uncle Marv.
Let me holler at you
right quick.
[bingo cages rattling]
[announcer]
First one up is O69.
O69.
N34. N34.
G58.
58 is G.
B1.
Who's got B1?
I27.
Where Smurf at?
Greener pastures.
Often, it's
the longest-serving employees
that get too comfortable,
too complacent.
They take liberties, shortcuts.
They speak out of school.
B15. B15.
Our business relationship,
as it were, has concluded,
Raquel.
Going forward, I wish you
the best of luck.
Why?
[Deen] Two reasons.
First, a competitor of yours
has agreed to pay a 20% premium
to secure
both his and your supply.
Unique is paying you 20% on top
to buy my shit out
from under me.
In addition, I need partners
I can trust, Raquel.
I don't trust you.
Nobody trust nobody
in all this.
But there are orders
of magnitude of said distrust.
And your deceit
is beyond the pale.
Smurf would be the first
to attest to this.
If he could attest
to anything, that is.
[announcer] B9. B--
Bingo!
-Yeah!
-Bingo!
We got a winner.
Hey, Grandma won.
[laughter]
We're done here. [laughs]
Wow. Look, let me see that.
That's right. Right in a row.
You sure did win.
[Deen's grandmother] Yes, yes.
[Deen] Come down here
and pay my grandma.
[Deen's grandmother]
Yeah.[laughing]
[Deen] That's right.
Yeah, you a winner.
Look at it.
Give me some sugar.
Mwah. Lucky today.
[Marvin]
Yo, um, fuck am I lookin' at?
Somethin' better than a corner.
It's a damn drive-thru.
They come off the Van Wyck
to get their gas.
We serve 'em while
they're there, they gone.
And it's far enough away
from the block
we not steppin'
on nobody territory.
And they gon' pay
them white people prices.
These fools like that blow,
though.
That powder.
I mean, and the margin
on that shit ain't as good.
Well, see that's why we gon'
educate 'em.
Come on.
White people always talkin'
'bout bein' down with the hood.
Fuck is more down than crack?
Mm-mm.
Raq said you kryptonite to me.
Superman s'posed
to stay the fuck away.
I can't fucks with you, Kanan.
I mean, I like the initiative.
I-I really do.
[Kanan]
Just think about it, a'ight?
[engine rumbles]
[upbeat music playing on radio]
[singing in Spanish on radio]
♪ ♪
Gabriel no está aquí.
I had a fall.
Yeah, had a fall
into your husband's fist.
I need to talk to your cousin
up in Washington Heights.
I have many cousins.
Well, I know about
your family back in Nariño.
And I know who your cousin is.
And you know I know.
Talk to Gabriel,
but know that my husband
hates my cousin.
Fuck Gabriel.
I'm talking to you.
If we only moved our lips
when our men wanted us to,
we'd just have a mouthful
of dick and nothin' to say.
I need to talk
to your cousin, Julia.
And I need you to make that
happen for me.
♪ ♪
[bell jingles]
[Jukebox]
You promise you're coming?
[Nicole] Obviously, I'm coming.
I told you.
You know girls
can be flaky sometimes.
[Nicole] Shut the fuck up.
I'll see you later.
-I'm so fucking excited.
-Call me when you get home.
-[Nicole] I will.
-Okay.
[Burke] Your friend didn't look
like she's
from the neighborhood.
Neither do you, Five-O.
She likes you a lot.
I could tell.
And she's really pretty,
by the way.
I'm investigating
your friend D-Wiz's murder.
If you ever want to talk.
I don't.
[Burke] Doesn't even have
to be about D-Wiz.
Could be about... anything.
Y'know I'm a good listener.
And I know about things,
things not everyone
knows about.
[pensive music plays]
♪ ♪
I'ma meet you there.
Got some'n I need to handle
beforehand right quick.
Ah?
A tie?
I ain't realize this thing
was all formal like that.
We on our "Boyz II Men"
tip tonight.
-[Raq] Okay.
-Come on.
You know we gotta represent
for Juke.
-[Raq] I like it.
-Ah!
But, um, I don't know
how to tie it.
[gentle music plays]
This is one of those times
I wish I had a man around
to help me with you.
♪ ♪
What were the other times?
Really just once.
When I took you to get
your first shots
when you were a newborn.
Man, you was crying so hard,
I just knew you was gonna
blame me for that shit forever.
[laughs]
Def Con don't sound
like the type of dude
who would've taken me
to get my shots.
♪ ♪
You ever miss having
a father around?
Nah.
Can't miss what you never had.
Besides, I don't need that.
That's what I got you for.
♪ ♪
Ma, I should--I should have
called you from the precinct.
You should've.
I don't want you to be mad
at Symphony, though, a'ight?
Y'all got a good thing going,
and I actually kinda like
this brother.
Mm-hmm. Of course you do.
He covered for your ass.
Ma, I asked him to, though.
That's the--
I'ma see you at the show.
♪ ♪
[hip-hop music playing
over speakers]
[bouncer] Hands out straight.
♪ ♪
Yo, y'all ready to hear
Bulletproof Records'
hottest new artists?
[cheers and applause]
[emcee] Okay, okay, okay, okay.
I said, y'all ready to hear
the sound of these streets?
[cheers and applause]
'Cause we about to raise
the roof off this club
tonight, y'all.
Queens is in the house!
[cheers and applause]
Southside is in the house!
Bulletproof Records
is in the house!
[all cheering]
DJ, hit 'em with it.
[indistinct rapping]
[indistinct chatter]
[bouncer] Get back in line.
Wait your turn.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[ominous music plays]
It's on and poppin'.
[siren wails in distance]
[hip-hop music
playing indistinctly]
♪ ♪
Hey.
This'll make you feel better.
-You okay?
-Yeah.
Yo, we 'bout to turn
this motherfucker out, Juke.
[Nicole] Laverne's nervous.
Laverne. Who's Laverne?
You mean Juke?
That's who I mean. I'm Nicole.
Famous.
Short for Puerto Rican Famous.
We all got street names
out here.
Guess I gotta get
one of those.
I got you.
From here on out,
you White Girl Nic.
[Nicole] Love it.
You ever been romantic with
a Spanish nigga like myself,
-White Girl Nic?
-This dumb-ass boy.
We about to go out there
in front of all those people
without ever even
rehearsing this shit.
Why are you trippin'?
All you got to do
is sing the hook.
The shit is easy.
[Jukebox retching]
Shit.
♪ Girl, you know I've
Been thinking lately ♪
[R&B music playing]
♪ ♪
♪ That maybe
We should settle down ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ Can't tell if you
Are feeling the same thing ♪
♪ But I really need you ♪
♪ I really need you around ♪
♪ So girl... ♪
[soft tense music plays]
♪ ♪
Mm. I asked around.
Turns out, you
some kind of drug dealer.
I like that you
dressed up for me.
Uh-uh.
This is a straight cash deal.
[dramatic music plays]
I tell you what the deal is.
[coughs and splutters]
♪ ♪
[sinister music plays]
[hip-hop music playing
indistinctly]
Just open the door.
♪ ♪
[Famous]
Yo! Kanan Stark in the house!
Yo, you 'bout to see
the birth of a legend, kid.
[Kanan] Yeah, uh-huh!
You're Kanan?
Nicole.
Yo, Juke is straight buggin',
K.
She locked herself
in the bathroom.
She said she not goin'
on stage.
She's freaking out.
You need to talk to her.
[Famous] I can't have
your cousin
fucking my shit up.
It's the most important night
of my damn life.
She not gonna listen to me.
We got in a fight
over some dumb shit.
She'll listen to you.
I know she will.
We should let them talk alone.
Oh.
Get Juke head right, K, a'ight?
This is an important moment
for both of us.
For me, but for both of us.
[Nicole] All right.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
[inspector groaning]
You, uh... you okay?
Make sure he feel that shit
on the way out.
Make a meal out this nigga.
[upbeat hip-hop music
playing distantly]
♪ ♪
Juke.
Leave me alone, Kanan.
[sighs]
A'ight, look.
I'm sorry for that shit
I said, for real.
I hated myself the minute
that bullet left my mouth.
That's just me being stupid.
Come kinda natural
to me sometimes.
You think you only stupid
sometime?
All the time then, a'ight?
Damn, I'm sorry.
For real.
That won't ever happen again
though.
♪ ♪
I can't go out there, Kanan.
I can't.
You know this ain't
the only bathroom
I had to talk you out of there
to get you to sing, right?
Coney Island.
I was ten. You was 11.
My dumb ass lost all our money
playing three-card-monte.
We ain't have enough
for the train ride home.
You always been a mark.
[Kanan] You were so mad at me
when you ran in that bathroom.
When you came out, though,
you hit that boardwalk,
and you just sang
until we had enough money
to get home
and get hot dogs.
The only reason I came out
was 'cause you started cryin'
like a little bitch,
and that shit
was mad embarrassing.
Juke, I will do it again,
a'ight?
[voice breaking]
Don't make me
start crying, man.
[laughs]
Now, come out here
and turn this shit out,
'cause for real,
I don't think I could deal
with Famous ass
cryin' for the next 50 years
that you the reason
he ain't blow up.
♪ ♪
He's not that bad.
Actually, he kinda dope.
You better not ever let
that nigga hear you say that.
-[laughs]
-'Cause we both know if he do,
he never gon' shut
the fuck up again.
♪ ♪
Nicole seem kinda cool,
by the way.
Yeah.
I got you, Juke.
I always do.
Now come out here.
Show them what you about.
Show them who you are.
Show them where
the fuck we from, girl.
All right.
[uplifting music plays]
[drill whirring]
[Marvin] Ain't like I'm saying
a nigga perfect.
Shit.
-I make mistakes. I'm human.
-[inspector groans]
But everybody fuck up.
Even Raq fuck up.
But it's always some shit
when I do it.
My ass is straight undervalued
in this motherfucking
organization.
But I'm about to show
and prove.
You'll see.
Well, actually, you won't see.
But, you, you know
what I'm sayin'.
[inspector groaning]
I appreciate you
hearin' a nigga out.
[nail gun fires twice]
-[patron] Good?
-[bartender] Yeah.
[both] All right.
[hip-hop music plays
indistinctly]
♪ ♪
Vodka soda. Double it up.
That one's on me.
[Symphony] What?
Hey, Raq.
Raq. Raq, hold up.
Raq. Let me explain.
I told you that there was
nothing more important to me
than my son.
That nobody was ever
gon' get between us.
I made that shit clear as day.
He called me.
He asked for my help.
He trusted me.
I didn't know what to do.
Just 'cause you fucking me
don't mean
that all of a sudden,
my son is your son.
You don't make decisions
for my child, Symphony.
Do you know who I am? Huh?
You know what I do
to motherfuckers who betray me?
Betray you?
Your son asked me
to keep a secret, and I did.
He's a part of you, Raquel.
-Okay, I shouldn't have, but--
-No, no, no,
you went behind my back.
I can't accept that
from nobody,
but especially you.
[somber music plays]
♪ ♪
So that's it.
That's it.
♪ ♪
[overlapping chatter]
[patron] Yo, what the fuck,
man?
We're just trying to go inside.
[overlapping chatter]
[Lou-Lou] No one gets in
strapped.
I don't care if your name
is Michael, Jermaine,
Tito, Jackie, or Marlon.
No weapons.
I told Crown
you wasn't about shit.
Just another Queens nigga
trying to make a name
off Brooklyn's back.
You know you on the Southside,
right?
It's a long way from Brooklyn.
Not everybody makes it home.
It's all good, brother.
We just here for some music.
It's all love.
No doubt.
Let them in,
but check them still.
You doing your thing, Lou.
I'm proud of you.
For real.
So go on, have your night.
But when the sun comes up
tomorrow morning,
we back at it harder than ever.
Where your partner at?
Took a day for himself.
You tell Howard the most
dangerous place to be
is between a mother
and her child.
I don't even know
what that means.
He does.
[hip-hop music playing]
Man, Queens ain't shit!
Brooklyn!
♪ ♪
I know you Boricuas
fuck with Brooklyn niggas.
Gots to.
I'm Lou's girl.
So?
Step the fuck off.
Oh shit! [laughs]
Hey, you and me,
we gon' make us
a beautiful Lisa-Bonet-looking
baby, white girl.
Hey, go fuck
with them hood rats
and leave her alone.
You Jukebox's home girl, right?
Yeah.
[Jessica] Well, then we family.
Ah, fuck that nigga.
He's just loud.
-'Sup?
You want a drink?
No, I'm good. Thank you.
Hey, Crown,
can you tell your peoples
to chill the fuck out?
'Cause they making the guests
uncomfortable.
[Crown] They just talkin'.
But we about to feel
real unnecessary up here.
No.
Hit this, Madonna.
Do what you want, baby.
-Fuck it.
-Yeah.
♪ ♪
[uneasy music plays]
We ain't gettin' in
through the front door.
Come on.
♪ ♪
[hip-hop music playing]
You gon' tell me
who we hittin'?
♪ ♪
Queens, New York! Are we having
a good time tonight?
[cheers and applause]
[emcee] Check, check.
Southside's produced
some of the hottest lyricists
the streets have ever seen.
And this next act
is gonna continue
in that proud tradition.
Show some love...
-Fuck!
-[emcee] ...and give it up
for Puerto Rican Famous!
Come on, let's go. Let's go.
[crowd cheering]
[hip-hop beat playing
on speakers]
♪ ♪
Yo, DJ, kill the beat.
Kill the beat.
Look, I know we got people
in here from all over,
but let's make one thing clear:
Southside run
this mothafucka!
[cheers and applause]
'Cause this ain't shit
you can teach or learn.
You born into it.
Yo, that's-that's-that's
my kid.
Yo, that's-that's my kid.
It's who you are.
[cheers and applause]
These streets made us.
These street paid us.
And we all about
this street life!
Let's go!
♪ Say your good-bye ♪
♪ You on the wrong side ♪
♪ One day when
We make the rules ♪
♪ So don't play us
For no fool ♪
♪ Oh, street life ♪
♪ Streets need a body ♪
♪ Nobody warned ya ♪
♪ They can talk
Like they want it ♪
♪ But they don't really want
The street life ♪
♪ Sutphin bully double shotty ♪
♪ Shootin' up your lobby ♪
♪ These streets need a body ♪
♪ I'm too famous ♪
♪ Me and my niggas
'Bout them triggas ♪
♪ Puttin' bodies in rivers ♪
♪ Robbin for major figures ♪
♪ Street life ♪
♪ I was born in
The gutters of Southside ♪
♪ And outside is where
I earned my stripes ♪
♪ I'm bout mine ♪
♪ Corner bodega ♪
♪ Played a nigga like Sega ♪
♪ Applied the pressure
Like mega ♪
♪ That's how we do
Pretenders ♪
[Jukebox] ♪ Oh, street life ♪
[Famous] ♪ So fuck
Four quarters and two dimes ♪
♪ A shotty and a vest
With two nines ♪
♪ Is how I dispute mines... ♪
[Grown Kanan] And that's
how these rappers do.
Talking about shit
they ain't never done.
Shit they don't know.
Writing rhymes ain't the same
as doing crimes.
♪ ♪
See what the fuck I did there?
[Jukebox] ♪ Say your good-bye ♪
♪ You on the wrong side ♪
[Famous]
♪ Streets need a body ♪
♪ One day when
We make the rules ♪
♪ So don't play us
For no fool ♪
♪ Oh, street life ♪
[Famous]
♪ The streets need a body ♪
[Jukebox] ♪ Nobody warned ya ♪
[Famous]
♪ The streets need a body ♪
[Jukebox] ♪ They can talk
Like they want it ♪
♪ But they don't really want
The street life ♪
♪ Every fuckin' morning
I'm lookin' to get the payout ♪
♪ Before you rob
The stash house ♪
♪ Better know the layout ♪
♪ Bullets spray out ♪
♪ Niggas live or niggas die ♪
♪ Should've been
A double homi ♪
♪ Two niggas survived ♪
♪ That's Queens for ya ♪
♪ Fiends on every corner ♪
♪ Need a team of lawyers ♪
♪ Dreams turn into schemes ♪
♪ Triple beams
And porterhouse steaks ♪
♪ Baggin' the product ♪
♪ The streets need a body ♪
♪ I knew it before I got up ♪
♪ Your block shot up ♪
♪ 100 and 40 reasons
Why you no longer breathin' ♪
♪ Bitch-ass, we even
It's Famous ♪
♪ Put niggas on the news
With my stainless ♪
♪ Owe me, I'm comin
For them payments ♪
♪ In funeral arrangements ♪
♪ I'm kissin yo' mama
At the wake ♪
♪ With a bouquet
Of flowers... ♪
Lou-Lou last night breathing.
We hittin' Lou?
[Famous] ♪ Southside
Jamaica, Queens ♪
♪ It's always a murder scene ♪
♪ See what I mean? ♪
♪ Rest in peace, D-Wiz ♪
♪ Streets need a body ♪
-♪ Streets need a body ♪
-[all] ♪ Streets need a body ♪
[Famous] ♪ When I pull up
On your block ♪
[all] ♪ Streets need a body ♪
♪ When I slide up
In your spot ♪
[all] ♪ Streets need a body ♪
♪ Anybody want beef ♪
[Famous] ♪ When I pull up
On your block ♪
[all] ♪ Streets need a body ♪
[Famous] ♪ When I slide up
In your spot ♪
[all] ♪ Streets need a body ♪
[Famous] ♪ Anybody want beef ♪
[Famous]
♪ Streets need a body ♪
[all] ♪ Streets need a body ♪
[Famous]
♪ Streets need a body ♪
[all] ♪ Streets need a body ♪
Fuck Brooklyn! Southside!
[tense music plays]
BK represent!
♪ ♪
[crowd shouting]
Turn the fuck around.
I was born at night,
but it wasn't
last night, nigga.
'Nique knew you
was just Raq's snitch,
that you was playin' us.
We know you would never hit
Lou-Lou,
you bitch-ass muhfucka.
♪ ♪
I'm telling you,
she picked me up.
Telling you, we kissed.
Over there. That's Marvin.
Yo, what up, man?
Yo, you niggas ready
to put in this work?
Been ready, my nigga.
What we on, corners?
Highway, nigga.
Highway?
[pensive music plays]
♪ ♪
[singers] ♪ Set adrift
On memory bliss of you ♪
♪ Baby you send me ♪
♪ Down, down ♪
♪ Set adrift
On memory bliss of you ♪
♪ Baby you send me... ♪
I was at this thing.
The whole time, all I was
thinking about was you.
[singers] ♪ Set adrift
On memory bliss of you ♪
♪ The camera pans
The cocktail glass ♪
♪ Behind a blind
Of plastic plants ♪
♪ I found the lady
With the fat diamond ring ♪
♪ Then you know I can't
Remember a damn thing ♪
♪ I think it's one
Of those déjà vu things ♪
♪ Or a dream that's tryin'
To tell me somethin' ♪
♪ Or will I ever stop
Thinkin' about it ♪
♪ I don't know I doubt it ♪
♪ Subterranean by design ♪
♪ I wonder what I would find ♪
♪ If I met you ♪
♪ Let my eyes caress you ♪
♪ Until I meet the thought
Of Mrs. Princess Who? ♪
♪ I often wonder
What makes her work ♪
♪ I guess I'll leave
That question to the experts ♪
♪ Assuming that there
Are some out there ♪
♪ They're probably alone,
Solitaire ♪
♪ I can remember when ♪
♪ I caught up with a past-time
Intimate friend... ♪
Wait.
[singers] ♪ Bet you're probably
Gonna say I look lovely ♪
♪ But you probably don't
Think nothin' of me ♪
♪ She was right, though,
I can't lie ♪
♪ She's just one of those
Corners in my mind ♪
♪ And I just put her
Right back with the rest ♪
♪ That's the way it goes,
I guess ♪
♪ Baby you send me ♪
♪ Down, down ♪
♪ Baby you send me... ♪
♪ Say your good-bye ♪
♪ You on the wrong side ♪
♪ Streets need a body ♪
♪ Pull up to your hood they be
Like streets need a body ♪
Laverne, I don't ever want
to be with anybody else.
[singer ♪ A careless whisper
From a careless man ♪
♪ A neutron dance
For a neutron fan ♪
♪ Marionette strings
Are dangerous things ♪
♪ I thought of all
The trouble they bring ♪
♪ An eye for an eye
A spy for spy ♪
♪ Rubber bands expand
In a frustrating sigh ♪
♪ Tell me that
She's not dreaming ♪
♪ She's got an ace in the hole
It doesn't have meaning ♪
♪ Reality used to be
A friend of mine ♪
♪ 'Cause complete control,
I don't take too kind ♪
♪ Christina Applegate,
You gotta put me on ♪
♪ And guess whose piece
Of the cake is Jack gone ♪
♪ She broke her wishbone
And wished for a sign ♪
♪ I told her whispers
In my heart were fine ♪
I like a brother
who knows how to throw a punch.
[singer] ♪ I feel for her,
I really do ♪
♪ And I stared at the ring
Finger on her hand ♪
♪ I wanted her to be
A big PM Dawn fan ♪
♪ But I had to put her
Right back with the rest ♪
♪ That's the way it goes
I guess ♪
♪ Baby you send me ♪
♪ Down, down ♪
♪ Down ♪
♪ Set adrift
On memory bliss of you ♪
♪ Baby you send me ♪
♪ Down, down ♪
♪ Down ♪
♪ Set adrift
On memory bliss of you ♪
♪ Baby you send me ♪
♪ Down, down ♪
♪ Set adrift
On memory bliss of you ♪
[Grown Kanan] There's a ladder
you gotta climb
in this shit.
And the thing is that
there are niggas below you
and above you on that ladder,
and they're tryin'
hard as they can
to pull you off that shit.
-[gunshot]
-[Worrell] There go your boy,
bitch!
[tires squeal]
[tense music plays]
[Grown Kanan] Because as long
as you on that ladder,
you either a threat
or a problem
to them other niggas.
Far as they're concerned,
either way, you gots to go.
♪ ♪
But you keep climbing.
'Cause once you on it,
there's no way off.
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[Jukebox] ♪ Say your good-bye ♪
♪ You on the wrong side ♪
♪ From day one
We made the rules ♪
♪ So don't play us
Like no fool ♪
♪ Oh, street life ♪
♪ Nobody warned ya ♪
♪ They can talk
Like they want it ♪
♪ But they don't really want
The street life ♪
[Famous] ♪ Sutphin bully
Double shotty ♪
♪ Shootin' up your lobby ♪
♪ These streets need a body ♪
♪ I'm too famous ♪
♪ Me and my niggas
'Bout them triggas ♪
♪ Puttin' bodies in rivers ♪
♪ Robbin for major figures ♪
[Jukebox] ♪ Street life ♪
[Famous]
♪ Streets need a body ♪
♪ Body, streets, streets
Streets need a body ♪
[Jukebox] ♪ Oh, street life ♪
[Famous]
♪ Streets need a body ♪
♪ Body, streets, streets ♪
♪ I'm comin'
From the streets ♪
♪ The streets need a body ♪
♪ I wish a nigga would
Say somethin' about me ♪
♪ Bring out the whole hood ♪
♪ Say somethin' about me ♪
♪ The streets need a body ♪
♪ The shotty is on me ♪
♪ I'm comin'
From the streets ♪
♪ The streets need a body ♪
♪ I wish a nigga would
Say somethin' about me ♪
♪ Bring out the whole hood ♪
♪ Say somethin' about me ♪
♪ The streets need a body ♪
♪ The shotty is on me
On me, on me ♪
♪ Streets, streets... ♪